Dear Mr. Buttersle
Our Xu family
I want to invite you to dinner many times, but I haven't invited you.
But why are you so pure and fake about this trash?
Summer vacation is a strong thing
Don't mess with wild shell waterline scales
Is this $3 trillion enough for the seven lights?
Enough, Mr. Four
Don't talk about those 7 glazed seven-star lamps
Even if you want to buy this game
All items at auction
No problem.
How could this be?
Just a junk picker
How can the three major global consortia appear in person?
Make fun of you didn't say
Shen Yunwei's husband
Just a trash picker?
Get out of here, no wonder you hurry up with 7 sky lanterns
It turns out that there are three major consortia behind him who want it.
3 trillion dollars
Richer than the richest man in Warburg
Who is Si Jingzhen?
Why even
The three major financial groups in the world are so polite to him
Xu Sheng is willing to admit defeat
Kowtow to me
When did I block you?
Do you know whose place this is?
This is Jiangyi's place
Lao Tzu Nongsen Chair
As simple as killing an ant
Looks like someone
It's time for the venue.
Yu Shao
Since Mr. Si can afford to pay for seven lamps
But you can't mess around here
What are you?
I can do whatever I want
Somebody smash this for me